#727 Integrate REST API with the Waku V2 node (#1022)
status-im/nwaku: docs/api/v2/rest-api.md

## HTTP REST API

> As the JSON-RPC API, the HTTP REST API consist of a set of methods opearting on the Waku Node remotelly over HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the JSON-RPC API, the HTTP REST API consists of a set of methods operating on the Waku Node remotely over HTTP.
```
